what do I want to learn or understand better?

I would like to learn more about the agile way of managing a project, and how to properly make use of the scrum methodology.
Furthermore I also want to increase my abilities in coding. Since we haven't decided on what kind of project we should do,
and in what way the project will be built (android, web, desktop app) it would be impossible for me to point at something specific,
although I am looking forward to getting started on this project.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

I think I can contribute with my ideas and previous experiences in project management and coding projects in general. 
I have come across different group constellations and different individuals who each has different needs and ways of looking
at a project, ideas and most importantly conflicts. Since conflicts are bound to happen in a group project it is important to 
solve these in an effective manner and making sure that everyone in the group feels heard and respected. Conflicts are a way to
improve, both the group and the product.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

Since this is the first week and the project hasn't started as we are currently in the idea-phase, scrum has yet to be implemented.
Below I state my intent of how I want to contribute towards the team's use of scrum:

My contribution will be in planning and filling the backlog with recognized needs from the product owner. Working actively in sprints
and making sure that the products owners needs always comes first. And since we haven't discussed roles yet, I might get the chance to
try out being a scrum master.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

Since we only started this week, we have just gotten started. I have helped form an idea for what kind of app we want to produce,
and to whom this product might be suited for. I have also worked on the team contract, specifically what goals the group has. Aswell
as discussing other parts of the contract with the group.

I will do my absolute best to help the team achieve its goals, which has been stated in the team contract. I will work to fulfill
the product owners needs and to deliever a product which the entire group can feel proud about.
